# Parameter
You can bring in values from outside the template file. For example, if you're manually deploying the 
template by using the Azure CLI or Azure PowerShell, you'll be asked to provide values for each parameter

You can also create a parameter file, which lists all of the parameters and values you want to use 
for the deployment

It's usually a good idea to use parameters for things that will change between each deployment, like:
- Resource names that need to be unique.
- Locations into which to deploy the resources.
- Settings that affect the pricing of resources, like their SKUs, pricing tiers, and instance counts.
- Credentials and information needed to access other systems that aren't defined in the template.

`param *appServiceAppName* *string*`

*appServiceAppName*:  name of the parameter
*string*: int for numbers, and bool for Boolean true or false values. Also, array and object types.

## Default value:
param appServiceAppName2 string = 'toy-product-launch-1'
*In this example*, the Azure App Service app name has a hard-coded default value. 
This isn't a good idea, because App Service apps need unique names. You'll fix this shortly.


# Variable
Variables are defined in a similar way to parameters, but there are a few differences:

- Use the var keyword to tell Bicep you're declaring a variable.
- You must provide a value for a variable.
- Variables don't need types. Bicep can determine the type based on the value that you set.

`var appServicePlanName = 'toy-product-launch-plan'`


# Expressions:
param location string = resourceGroup().location

# Resource names:
Bicep has another function called uniqueString() that comes in handy when you're creating resource names. When you use this function, you need to provide a seed value, which should be different across different deployments, but consistent across all deployments of the same resources.

If you choose a good seed value, you can get the same name every time you deploy the same set of resources, but you'll get a different name whenever you deploy a different set of resources by using the same template. 
Let's look at how you might use the uniqueString() function:

`param storageAccountName string = uniqueString(resourceGroup().id)`

The resource group ID includes the Azure subscription ID (3e57e557-826f-460b-8f1c-4ce38fd53b32) 
and the resource group name (MyResourceGroup). The resource group ID is often a good candidate
 for a seed value for resource names, because:

1. Every time you deploy the same resources, they'll go into the same resource group. The uniqueString()
function will return the same value every time.

2. f you deploy into two different resource groups in the Azure subscription, 
the resourceGroup().id value will be different, because the resource group names will be different. 
The uniqueString() function will give different values for each set of resources.

3. If you deploy into two different Azure subscriptions, even if you use the same resource group name, 
the resourceGroup().id value will be different because the Azure subscription ID will be different.
The uniqueString() function will again give different values for each set of resources.

# Combined strings:
`param storageAccountName string = 'toylaunch${uniqueString(resourceGroup().id)}'`

## *Tip*
Sometimes the uniqueString() function will create strings that start with a number. 
Some Azure resources, like storage accounts, don't allow their names to start with numbers. 
This means it's a good idea to use string interpolation to create resource names, 
like in the preceding example.

# Env
@allowed([
  'nonprod'
  'prod'
])

param environmentType string
var storageAccountSkuName = (environmentType == 'prod') ? 'Standard_GRS' : 'Standard_LRS'
var appServicePlanSkuName = (environmentType == 'prod') ? 'P2V3' : 'F1'
