# Outputs
Outputs are a way for your Bicep code to send data back to whoever or whatever started the deployment.
Here are some example scenarios where you might need to get information from the template deployment:

You create a Bicep template that deploys a virtual machine, and you need to get the public IP address so you can SSH into the machine.
You create a Bicep template that accepts a set of parameters, like an environment name and an application name. The template uses an expression to name an Azure App Service app that it deploys. You need to output the app's name that the template has deployed so you can use it within a deployment pipeline to publish the application binaries.

`output appServiceAppName string = appServiceAppName`

- *output*: The output keyword tells Bicep you're defining an output.
- *appServiceAppName*: the output's name. When someone deploys the template successfully, the output values will include the name you specified so they can access the values they're expecting.
- *string*: the output type. Bicep outputs support the same types as _parameters_.
- A value must be specified for each output. Unlike parameters, outputs *always* need to have values. Output values can be expressions, references to parameters or variables, or properties of resources that are deployed within the file.

## Tip
Outputs can use the same names as variables and parameters. This convention can be helpful if you construct a complex expression within a variable to use within your template's resources, and you also need to expose the variable's value as an output.

This one will have its value set to the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of a public IP address resource.
`output ipFqdn string = publicIPAddress.properties.dnsSettings.fqdn`

## Caution
Don't create outputs for secret values like connection strings or keys. Anyone with access to your resource group can read outputs from templates. There are other approaches you can use to get access to secret resource properties, which we'll cover in a later module.

# Build a Module
When you want the template to include a reference to a module file, use the module keyword. A module definition looks similar to a resource declaration, but instead of including a resource type and API version, you'll use the module's file name:

```
module myModule 'modules/mymodule.bicep' = {
  name: 'MyModule'
  params: {
    location: location
  }
}
```

## Modules and outputs
Just like templates, Bicep modules can define outputs. It's common to chain modules together within a template. In that case, the output from one module can be a parameter for another module. By using modules and outputs together, you can create powerful and reusable Bicep files.
